frontend/vue3-token-swap/README.md, before:

# vue3-taskman

## About Taskman

Taskman is a Vue 3-based task management application that demonstrates modern web development practices using Vite, Tailwind CSS, Pinia, and json-server. It features CRUD operations and allows users to manage tasks, filter and search them, and adjust global settings such as dark mode and server sync.

---

## About Me

I am an engineer with over 10 years of experience who loves coding, mentoring young developers, and sharing knowledge through my projects at codingwithhao.

---

## Project Setup

1. **Install dependencies:**

   ```sh
   npm install
   ```

2. **Database Setup:**

   This app uses a local JSON database for simulating an API using json-server.
   
   - A sample file `db.example.json` is provided as a template.
   - Copy the file to the project root as `db.json`:
     
     ```sh
     cp db.example.json db.json
     ```

   - **Important:** You must run json-server **before** running the Vue app. Start the server with:

     ```sh
     npx json-server db.json
     ```

3. **Run Development Server:**

   ```sh
   npm run dev
   ```

---

## Building, Testing, and Linting

- **Build for Production:**

  ```sh
  npm run build
  ```

- **Run Unit Tests with Vitest:**

  ```sh
  npm run test:unit
  ```

- **Run End-to-End Tests with Cypress:**

  For development:
  ```sh
  npm run test:e2e:dev
  ```

  For production (recommended in CI):
  ```sh
  npm run build
  npm run test:e2e
  ```

- **Lint with ESLint:**

  ```sh
  npm run lint
  ```

---

## Libraries and Tools Used

- **Vue 3** – The framework for building the user interface.
- **Vite** – A fast build tool and development server.
- **Tailwind CSS** – Utility-first CSS framework for styling.
- **Pinia** – State management library for Vue 3.
- **json-server** – A fake REST API for rapid prototyping.
- **Cypress** – End-to-end testing framework.
- **Vitest** – Unit testing framework for Vue 3.

---

## Pinia Plugin

This app uses a custom localStorage plugin for Pinia that persists store data to localStorage. The plugin checks for existing data on initialization and subscribes to store changes to update localStorage accordingly.

---

## Pinia Stores

- **taskStore:**  
  Manages the tasks data including CRUD operations. It handles fetching tasks from json-server (or localStorage in offline mode), creating new tasks, updating, and deleting tasks.

- **settingsStore:**  
  Manages global application settings such as dark mode and whether to sync with the server (online mode). These settings are used throughout the app to control UI themes and API interactions.

---

## Additional Notes

- **Database:**  
  Ensure that you have a `db.json` file in the project root. Refer to the provided `db.example.json` for the structure. The app expects json-server to be running (`npx json-server db.json`) before launching the Vue application.

- **Syncing and Offline Mode:**  
  The app supports offline mode, where tasks are saved to localStorage. When online mode is enabled, it syncs with the json-server API.

Commit message:

removed: DS_Store files & update correct readme.md

frontend/vue3-token-swap/README.md, after:

# vue3-token-swap

## About Swappy

Swappy is a Vue 3-based token swap management application that demonstrates modern web development practices using Vite, Tailwind CSS, Pinia, and json-server. It allows users to manage their token swaps and adjust global settings such as dark mode.

---

## About Me

I am an engineer with over 10 years of experience who loves coding, mentoring young developers, and sharing knowledge through my projects at codingwithhao.

---

## Project Setup

1. **Install dependencies:**

   ```sh
   npm install
   ```

2. **Database Setup:**

   This app uses a local JSON database for simulating an API using json-server.
   
   - A sample file `db.example.json` is provided as a template.
   - Copy the file to the project root as `db.json`:
     
     ```sh
     cp db.example.json db.json
     ```

   - **Important:** You must run json-server **before** running the Vue app. Start the server with:

     ```sh
     npx json-server db.json
     ```

3. **Run Development Server:**

   ```sh
   npm run dev
   ```

---

## Building, Testing, and Linting

- **Build for Production:**

  ```sh
  npm run build
  ```

- **Run Unit Tests with Vitest:**

  ```sh
  npm run test:unit
  ```

- **Run End-to-End Tests with Cypress:**

  For development:
  ```sh
  npm run test:e2e:dev
  ```

  For production (recommended in CI):
  ```sh
  npm run build
  npm run test:e2e
  ```

- **Lint with ESLint:**

  ```sh
  npm run lint
  ```

---

## Libraries and Tools Used

- **Vue 3** – The framework for building the user interface.
- **Vite** – A fast build tool and development server.
- **Tailwind CSS** – Utility-first CSS framework for styling.
- **Pinia** – State management library for Vue 3.
- **json-server** – A fake REST API for rapid prototyping.
- **Cypress** – End-to-end testing framework.
- **Vitest** – Unit testing framework for Vue 3.

---

## Pinia Stores

- **tokenPrices:**  
  Manages the token prices data. It handles fetching the price of tokens from json-server.

- **settingsStore:**  
  Manages global application settings such as dark mode. The setting are used throughout the app to control UI themes.

---

## Additional Notes

- **Database:**  
  Ensure that you have a `db.json` file in the project root. Refer to the provided `db.example.json` for the structure. The app expects json-server to be running (`npx json-server db.json`) before launching the Vue application.
